README.md, before:

# Floating Point Systems

A repository for gathering documentation and understanding Floating-Point-Systems machines.

> [!NOTE]
> This documentation is incomplete and will be expanded as more information becomes available.

> [!WARNING]
> This README needs to be verified by the REPO owner: Nakazoto. 

## Overview

This project contains datasheets, documentation, and code related to floating-point-sytems machines.

## Index - For README

1. [Overview](#overview) - Reason What this REPO is for. 
2. [Contents](#contents---of-each-folder) - What is in the Folders.
3. [Index for FPS](#index---for-the-folders) - Folder links.
4. [Contributing](#contributing) - Things to look out for.
    - [Guide on Contributing](#a-little-guide) - A guide on contributing.

## Contents - Of each folder

- Documentation on floating-point-systems
- Some Datasheets
- Photos of Cards, etc
- Code for the Machines

## Index - For the folders

1. [AP 120B](AP%20120B/) - Documetation folder for AP 120B, _the predecessor of the FPS 100._
2. [FPS 100](FPS%20100/) - Documetation folder for FPS 100, _the successor of the AP 120B. With redused cards._
3. [FPS 164](FPS%20164/) - Documetation folder for FPS 164, _the favorite machine of Usagi Electric._
4. [FPS 3000](FPS%203000/) - Documetation folder for FPS 3000, _the machine that only 1 still known to exist. And is almost the same as the XP 32 is._
5. [FPS 5000](FPS%205000/) - Documetation folder for FPS 5000, _As mentioned in fps.pdf, this is a family of the AP 120B, just like any other machine._
6. [Random FPS information](Z.%20Others/) - Documetation folder for FPS information, _Like part prices and boardrevisions._
7. [Random PDFs](Z_Brochures/) - Documetation folder for PDFs, _Like product pages and folders._
8. [Boards in FPS Machines](Cully_Dave.txt) - Documetation folder for cards, _The card configuration on different machines._

## Contributing

> [!CAUTION]
> This REPO is not meant for harassment, hating or any kind of destroying other people's work! So if you help this repo grow it is appreciated!

### A little guide:

> [!NOTE]
> _There are lots of guides online that explain this in detail._ [LINK](www.DID-NOT-FIND-ONE.com)

1. Create a Fork.
2. Import / Create the file you wanted to contribute.
3. Create a Pull request and explain what you did.
	- You may have to add you fork (sometimes it does this automatically!)
4. Wait on a response!

> [!IMPORTANT]
> To to achieve your goal it needs to be relevant to the REPO and it's subject.

<!--
NOTE:
INDEX DOES NOT WORK IN EDITOR,
this is not done!
-->

Commit message:

Revise README.md for clarity and accuracy
Updated documentation entries and corrected typos.

README.md, after:

# Floating Point Systems

A repository for gathering documentation and understanding Floating-Point-Systems machines.

> [!NOTE]
> This documentation is incomplete and will be expanded as more information becomes available.

> [!WARNING]
> This README needs to be verified by the REPO owner: Nakazoto. 

## Overview

This project contains datasheets, documentation, and code related to floating-point-sytems machines.

## Index - For README

1. [Overview](#overview) - Reason What this REPO is for. 
2. [Contents](#contents---of-each-folder) - What is in the Folders.
3. [Index for FPS](#index---for-the-folders) - Folder links.
4. [Contributing](#contributing) - Things to look out for.
    - [Guide on Contributing](#a-little-guide) - A guide on contributing.

## Contents - Of each folder

- Documentation on floating-point-systems
- Some Datasheets
- Photos of Cards, etc
- Code for the Machines

## Index - For the folders

1. [OLD](!Old/) - Folder with old stuff , _A trade of some sort_
2. [AP 120B](AP%20120B/) - Documetation folder for AP 120B, _the predecessor of the FPS 100._
3. [FPS 100](FPS%20100/) - Documetation folder for FPS 100, _the successor of the AP 120B. With redused cards._
4. [FPS 164](FPS%20164/) - Documetation folder for FPS 164, _the favorite machine of Usagi Electric._
5. [FPS 3000](FPS%203000/) - Documetation folder for FPS 3000, _the machine that only 1 still known to exist. And is almost the same as the XP 32 is._
6. [FPS 5000](FPS%205000/) - Documetation folder for FPS 5000, _As mentioned in fps.pdf, this is a family of the AP 120B, just like any other machine._
7. [Random FPS information](Z.%20Others/) - Documetation folder for FPS information, _Like part prices and boardrevisions._
8. [Random PDFs](Z_Brochures/) - Documetation folder for PDFs, _Like product pages and folders._
9. [Boards in FPS Machines](Cully_Dave.txt) - Documetation file for cards, _The card configuration on different machines._
10. [Magazine of some sort](Digital_Design_V12_N06_198206.pdf) - Some sort of Magazine.
11. [Boards](FPS%20Board%20List.txt) - A board series, _with documentation._
12. [Known Surviving](KnownSurviving.txt) - Documetation file for Surviving machines, _With name, place, condition and maybe price ;D_
13. [Want to make a FPS?](NewFPSLayout.txt) - Documetation file for A Complete Card set for AP 120B, _What some people have._

## Contributing

> [!CAUTION]
> This REPO is not meant for harassment, hating or any kind of destroying other people's work! So if you help this repo grow it is appreciated!

### A little guide:

> [!NOTE]
> _There are lots of guides online that explain this in detail._ [LINK](www.DID-NOT-FIND-ONE.com)

1. Create a Fork.
2. Import / Create the file you wanted to contribute.
3. Create a Pull request and explain what you changed.
	- You may have to add you fork (sometimes it does this automatically!)
4. Wait on a response!

> [!IMPORTANT]
> To to achieve your goal it needs to be relevant to the REPO and it's subject.

<!--
NOTE:
INDEX DOES NOT WORK IN EDITOR,
this is not done!
-->
